---
title: "Terms of Use"
description: Our terms of use policy that outlines both parties responsibilities, and the nature of services we provide
keywords:
- terms of use
date: 2021-03-30T11:23:31+13:00 
draft: false
---

# Terms of Use

_Effective: 30 March 2021_

Hi. Welcome to Logmate. We are excited to have you on board.

By using the Logmate service you are implicitly, explicitly and comprehensibly bound to the following conditions,
policies and legal jargon.

If you have any concerns or questions about our Terms of Use or any of our other policies, please get in touch with the
Customer Support Team by emailing help@logmate.co.nz.

## Introduction

Thanks for choosing Logmate (**“Logmate”**, **“we”**, **“us”**, **“our”**). By using the Logmate service, websites, or
software applications (together, the **“Logmate Service”**, or **“Service”**), including by purchasing or receiving
subscription or other applications, you are entering into a binding contract with our company. Your agreement with us
includes these Terms and Conditions of Use (**“Terms”**), and our [Privacy Policy]({{< relref "privacy.md">}} "Privacy
Policy") (together with the [Mobile Terms]({{< relref "mobile.md">}} "Mobile Policy") where applicable, the **
“Agreements”**). If you don’t agree with these Terms, then please don’t use the Service.

We’re pleased to make our Service available to you.

In order to use the Logmate Service, you need to:

1) Hold a current New Zealand drivers license if you are opening a Driver Account,
1) Hold a Transport Service License if you are opening a Transport Operator Account,
1) Have the power to enter a binding contract with us and are not barred from doing so under any applicable laws, and
1) Be a resident in New Zealand.

You also warrant that any registration information that you submit to Logmate is true, accurate and complete, and you
agree to keep it that way at all times.

## Changes to the Agreements

Occasionally we may, at our discretion, make changes to the Logmate Service and Agreements. When we make changes to the
Agreements that we consider material, we’ll notify you through the Service. By continuing to use the Service after
changes are made, you are expressing and acknowledging your acceptance of the changes.

## Using Logmate

You may use Logmate by setting up one of the following accounts:

1) **Logbook Subscription:** a subscription which enables you to log your work-time in accordance with legislative
   requirements
1) **Driver Account:** an account which enables you add vehicles, connect to a Transport Operator Account and view and
   export your historic log-book records. Once you have set up a Driver Account, you may purchase a logbook subscription
   and other applications on offer by Logmate from time to time.
1) **Transport Operator Account:** an account which enables you to connect with multiple Driver Accounts to access and
   export their work-time records. You may purchase logbook subscriptions for drivers connected to your Transport
   Operator Account and other applications on offer from time to time.

## Trials

From time to time, we may offer trials of the Logmate application for a specified period without payment (a **“Trial”**)
. Logmate reserves the right, at our absolute discretion, to determine your eligibility for a Trial, and to withdraw or
to modify a Trial at any time without prior notice and with no liability.

For some Trials, we’ll require you to provide your payment details to start the Trial. At the end of such Trials, we may
automatically start to charge you for the Service on the first day following the end of the Trial, on a recurring
monthly or annual basis depending on the Trial. By providing your payment details in conjunction with the Trial, you
agree to this charge.

## License and Assignment

The Logmate Service is owned by Tierra Technologies Ltd (**“Tierra”**) and exclusively licensed to Logmate NZ Limited.

The Logmate software applications are licensed to you and _Tierra_ retains ownership of all Logmate software
applications even after installation on your devices.

All Logmate trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, domain names, and any other features of the Logmate brand are
the sole property of Logmate. You agree not to copy, distribute, modify or make any derivative of, any of our content or
use any of our, or Tierra’s, intellectual property rights.

Logmate may assign these Agreements or any part of them without restrictions. You may not assign these Agreements or any
part of them, nor transfer or sub-licence your rights under this Licence, to any third party

Third party software libraries included in the Logmate Service are licensed to you either under these Terms, or under
the relevant third party software library’s licence terms as published on our website.

## Third Party Applications

The Logmate Service may provide a platform for third party applications, websites and services to make available
products and services to you (**“Third Party Applications”**), and your use of these Third Party Applications is subject
to their terms of use. You understand and agree that Logmate is not responsible or liable for the behaviour, features,
or content of any Third Party Application.

## Consideration

In consideration for the rights granted to you under these Terms, you grant us the right (a) to allow the Logmate
Service to use the processor, bandwidth and storage hardware on your Device(s) in order to facilitate the operation of
the Service, (b) to provide advertising and other information to you, and (c) to allow our business partners to do the
same.

These Terms are not intended to grant rights to anyone except you and Logmate, and in no event shall these Terms create
any third party beneficiary rights. Any failure by Logmate to enforce these Terms or any provision thereof shall not
waive Logmate’s right to do so.

## User Guidelines

We’ve established a few ground rules for you to follow when using the Service, to make sure Logmate stays enjoyable for
everyone. Please follow these rules and encourage other users to do the same.

You agree to abide by our User Guidelines and not to use the Logmate Service (including but not limited to its content)
in any manner not expressly permitted by the Terms.

Your password and security pin protects your user account, and you are solely responsible for keeping your password and
security pin confidential and secure. You understand that you are responsible for all use of your username and password
on the Service. If your username or password is lost or stolen, or if you believe there has been unauthorised access to
your account by third parties, please notify us immediately and change your password as soon as possible.

## Technology limitations and modifications

Logmate will make reasonable efforts to keep the Logmate Service operational. However, certain technical difficulties or
maintenance may, from time to time, result in temporary interruptions. Logmate reserves the right, periodically and at
any time, to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, functions and features of the Logmate Service, with or
without notice, all without liability to you for any interruption, modification, or discontinuation of the Logmate
Service or any function or feature thereof. You understand and agree that Logmate has no obligation to maintain,
support, upgrade, or update the Service.

## Payments and Cancellations

You will be charged for the Logmate Services that you use, which are generally charged by a monthly subscription fee.
Subscription payments are deducted automatically from the account that you provide and need to be made on time. To avoid
delayed or missed payments, please ensure that you have sufficient funds in your bank account. If we do not receive
payments on time, we may suspend your access to some or all of the Logmate Services.

If you have a subscription in place, your payment to Logmate will automatically renew at the end of the subscription
period, unless you cancel your subscription through your subscription page before the end of the current subscription
period. The cancellation will take effect the day after the last day of the current subscription period. We do not offer
refunds if you fail to cancel your subscription.

After you cancel your subscription you will no longer be able to use Logmate to log your work-time but you may keep your
account open and continue to have access to your historic work-time records. After you close your account, we will
continue to store your personal data, including historic work-time records, for a period of time to ensure compliance
with legal requirements.

Logmate may change the pricing plans, including but not limited to, the subscription fees, from time to time. We will
communicate any price changes to you via the website. Price changes will take effect at the start of the next
subscription period following the date of the price change. By continuing to use the Logmate Service after the price
change takes effect, you accept the new price.

## Term and Termination

These Terms will continue to apply to you until terminated by either you or Logmate. Logmate may terminate the Terms or
suspend your access to the Logmate Service at any time, including in the event of your actual or suspected unauthorised
use of the Logmate Service or non-compliance with the Terms. If you or Logmate terminate the Terms, or if Logmate
suspends your access to the Logmate Service, you agree that Logmate shall have no liability or responsibility to you and
Logmate will not refund any amounts that you have already paid, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law.

## Warranty

We endeavour to provide the best service we can, but you understand and agree that THE LOGMATE SERVICE IS PROVIDED “AS
IS”, WITHOUT EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND. YOU USE THE LOGMATE SERVICE AT YOUR OWN RISK. LOGMATE
DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. In
addition, Logmate does not warrant, endorse, guarantee or assume responsibility for any Third Party Applications, Third
Party Application content, User Content, or any other product or service advertised or offered by a third party on or
through the Logmate Service or any hyperlinked website, or featured in any banner or other advertising. You understand
and agree that Logmate is not responsible or liable for any transaction between you and third-party providers of Third
Party Applications or products or services advertised on or through the Logmate Service. As with any purchase of a
product or service through any medium or in any environment, you should use your judgment and exercise caution where
appropriate. No advice or information whether oral or in writing obtained by you from Logmate shall create any warranty
on behalf of Logmate in this regard. Some aspects of this section may not apply in some jurisdictions.

## Limitation

You agree that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, your sole and exclusive remedy for any problems or
dissatisfaction with the Logmate Service, the Third Party Applications or the Third Party Application content is to
uninstall any Logmate software and to stop using the Logmate Service, the Third Party Applications or the Third Party
Application content.

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL LOGMATE, ITS OFFICERS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS,
DIRECTORS, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNS, SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR (i) ANY INDIRECT,
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL (INCLUDING LOSS OF USE, DATA, BUSINESS, OR PROFITS) DAMAGES,
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LOGMATE SERVICE, THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS OR THIRD PARTY APPLICATION
CONTENT, REGARDLESS OF LEGAL THEORY, WITHOUT REGARD TO WHETHER LOGMATE HAS BEEN WARNED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF THOSE
DAMAGES, AND EVEN IF A REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE; (ii) AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO THE
LOGMATE SERVICE, THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS OR THIRD PARTY APPLICATION CONTENT MORE THAN THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU TO
LOGMATE DURING THE PRIOR THREE MONTHS IN QUESTION.

## Dispute Resolution

Generally we expect that your concerns can be resolved quickly and to your satisfaction by contacting our support team (
by clicking on the blue bubble on the bottom right of any Logmate webpage, emailing help@logmate.co.nz or via the
Logmate App). If we are unable to resolve the dispute informally, the parties agree to resolve the dispute through
arbitration. The parties agree that any dispute must be brought in the parties’ individual capacity and not as a
plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding.

## Entire Agreement

These Agreements constitute all the terms and conditions agreed upon between you and Logmate and supersede any prior
agreements in relation to the subject-matter of these Agreements, whether written or oral. Any additional or different
terms or conditions in relation to the subject-matter of the Agreements in any written or oral communication from you to
Logmate are void. You represent that you have not accepted the Agreements in reliance on any oral or written
representations made by Logmate that are not contained in the Agreements.

Please note, however, that other aspects of your use of the Logmate Service may be governed by additional agreements.
That could include, for example, access to the Logmate Community for customer support, or free or discounted Trials. You
will agree to separate terms and conditions in those circumstances, which are listed in full on our website. Those terms
and conditions shall govern only with regard to the aspect of the Service to which they apply, and are distinct from and
supplemental to these Agreements, and do not supersede these Agreements. To the extent that there is any conflict
between those agreements and these Agreements, these Agreements shall control, except as otherwise provided in these
Terms

## Severability

Should any provision of the Terms be held invalid or unenforceable for any reason or to any extent, such invalidity or
enforceability shall not in any manner affect or render invalid or unenforceable the remaining provisions of the Terms,
and the application of that provision shall be enforced to the extent permitted by law.

## Privacy

The way we collect and use personal information in connection with the Logmate Services is set out in
our [Privacy Policy]({{< relref "privacy.md">}} "Privacy Policy").

Thank you for reading our Terms. We hope you enjoy Logmate.

---


[Supersedes - Terms of Use - 1 June 2014](/uploads/logmate_terms_of_use_june_2014.pdf)

[Supersedes - Refunds - 1 June 2014](/uploads/logmate_refund_policy_june_2014.pdf)